There's an echoe pulling out the meaning
Rescuing a nightmare from a dream
The voices in my head are always screaming
That none of these means anything to me
And It's a long way back from seventeen
The whispers turn into a scream
And I, I'm not coming home
Save your breath I'm nearly bored to death
And fading fast
Life is to short to last long
Back on earth I'm broken
Lost and cold and fading fast
Life is too short to last long
There's a stranger staring at the ceiling
Rescuing a tiger from a tree
The pictures in her head are always dreaming
Each of them means everything to me
And It's a long way back from seventeen
The whispers turn into a scream
And I, I'm not coming home
Save your breath I'm nearly bored to death
And fading fast
Life is too short to last long
Back on earth I'm broken
Lost and cold and fading fast
Life is too short to last long
Oh ooh ooh...
I think I met her at the minute
That the rhythm was set down
I said I'm sorry I'm a bit of a letdown
But all my friends are daring me
to come over
So I come over and over and over
So let me buy you a drink
and We'll pretend that you think
That I'm the man of your dreams
Come to life in a dive bar
And We'll go over and over and over
Save your breath I'm nearly
Bored to Death and fading fast
Life is too short to last long
Back on earth I'm broken
Lost and cold and fading fast
Life is too short to last long
oh oh...